fix: order confirm button text disappears after loading (#289)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

# 10.1.0
- Added necessary payment means for e-invoice generation (shopware/SwagPayPal#255)
- Fixes an issue where the form validation on the order confirmation page does not refer to the corresponding input field (shopware/SwagPayPal#267)

> - Fixes an issue, where the loading spinner is not correctly hidden on invalid confirm order forms (shopware/SwagPayPal#286)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue, where hiding the loading spinner leaves the confirm button empty (shopware/SwagPayPal#286)
```
